com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/ui/fragment/MilkyWayFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.ui.fragment.MilkyWayFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/di/AppModule_ProvideMilkyWayApiServiceFactory.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.di.AppModule_ProvideMilkyWayApiServiceFactory
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/BuildConfig.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.BuildConfig
hilt_aggregated_deps/_androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_ActivityModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_ActivityModuleModuleDeps
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/MilkyWayApp_HiltComponents.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MilkyWayApp_HiltComponents
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MilkyWayApp_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MilkyWayApp_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MilkyWayApp_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MilkyWayApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MilkyWayApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MilkyWayApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MilkyWayApp_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MilkyWayApp_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MilkyWayApp_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MilkyWayApp_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MilkyWayApp_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MilkyWayApp_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MilkyWayApp_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MilkyWayApp_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MilkyWayApp_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MilkyWayApp_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MilkyWayApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MilkyWayApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MilkyWayApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MilkyWayApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MilkyWayApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MilkyWayApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/BR.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.BR
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/databinding/MilkywayItemBindingImpl.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.databinding.MilkywayItemBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_FragmentModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_FragmentModuleModuleDeps
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/databinding/FragmentMilkyWayBindingImpl.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.databinding.FragmentMilkyWayBindingImpl
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/databinding/FragmentMilkyWayBinding.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.databinding.FragmentMilkyWayBinding
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/data/repositories/MilkyWayImagesRepository_Factory.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.data.repositories.MilkyWayImagesRepository_Factory
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/databinding/FragmentMilkyWayDetailsBinding.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.databinding.FragmentMilkyWayDetailsBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_seth_themilkywayandroidtask_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_seth_themilkywayandroidtask_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_seth_themilkywayandroidtask_MilkyWayApp_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_seth_themilkywayandroidtask_MilkyWayApp_GeneratedInjector
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.Hilt_MainActivity$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_seth_themilkywayandroidtask_ui_fragment_MilkyWayFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_seth_themilkywayandroidtask_ui_fragment_MilkyWayFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/ui/fragment/MilkyWayDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.ui.fragment.MilkyWayDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/di/AppModule_ProvidesOkHttpClientFactory.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.di.AppModule_ProvidesOkHttpClientFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_seth_themilkywayandroidtask_di_AppModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_seth_themilkywayandroidtask_di_AppModule
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_seth_themilkywayandroidtask_MilkyWayApp.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_seth_themilkywayandroidtask_MilkyWayApp
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_seth_themilkywayandroidtask_ui_fragment_MilkyWayDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_seth_themilkywayandroidtask_ui_fragment_MilkyWayDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/MilkyWayApp_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MilkyWayApp_GeneratedInjector
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/databinding/FragmentMilkyWayDetailsBindingImpl.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.databinding.FragmentMilkyWayDetailsBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_seth_themilkywayandroidtask_ui_viewmodel_MilkyWayViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_seth_themilkywayandroidtask_ui_viewmodel_MilkyWayViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/ui/viewmodel/MilkyWayViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.ui.viewmodel.MilkyWayViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.ui.viewmodel.MilkyWayViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_seth_themilkywayandroidtask_ui_viewmodel_MilkyWayViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_seth_themilkywayandroidtask_ui_viewmodel_MilkyWayViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/DaggerMilkyWayApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.DaggerMilkyWayApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.DaggerMilkyWayApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.DaggerMilkyWayApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCBuilder
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.DaggerMilkyWayApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCImpl
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.DaggerMilkyWayApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.DaggerMilkyWayApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.DaggerMilkyWayApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.DaggerMilkyWayApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.DaggerMilkyWayApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCBuilder
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.DaggerMilkyWayApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCImpl
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.DaggerMilkyWayApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.DaggerMilkyWayApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.DaggerMilkyWayApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$SwitchingProvider
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.DaggerMilkyWayApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCBuilder
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.DaggerMilkyWayApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCImpl
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.DaggerMilkyWayApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.DaggerMilkyWayApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.DaggerMilkyWayApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.DaggerMilkyWayApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.DaggerMilkyWayApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/di/AppModule_ProvideCacheFactory.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.di.AppModule_ProvideCacheFactory
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/ui/fragment/Hilt_MilkyWayFragment.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.ui.fragment.Hilt_MilkyWayFragment
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/MilkyWayApp_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.MilkyWayApp_ComponentTreeDeps
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/ui/viewmodel/MilkyWayViewModel_Factory.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.ui.viewmodel.MilkyWayViewModel_Factory
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/databinding/MilkywayItemBinding.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.databinding.MilkywayItemBinding
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_seth_themilkywayandroidtask_MilkyWayApp.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_seth_themilkywayandroidtask_MilkyWayApp
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/ui/viewmodel/MilkyWayViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.ui.viewmodel.MilkyWayViewModel_HiltModules
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.ui.viewmodel.MilkyWayViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.ui.viewmodel.MilkyWayViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/ui/fragment/Hilt_MilkyWayDetailsFragment.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.ui.fragment.Hilt_MilkyWayDetailsFragment
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/di/AppModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.di.AppModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory
com/seth/themilkywayandroidtask/Hilt_MilkyWayApp.java
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.Hilt_MilkyWayApp
 com.seth.themilkywayandroidtask.Hilt_MilkyWayApp$1
